docs: Documentation Maintenance and Content Cleanup for Main and v4.5 Docs (#588)
openebs/website: docs/main/faqs/faqs.md

The OpenEBS architecture is an example of Container Native Storage (CNS). These approaches containerize the storage controller, called I/O controllers, and underlying storage targets, called “replicas”, allowing an orchestrator such as Kubernetes to automate the management of storage. Benefits include automation of management, a delegation of responsibility to developer teams, and the granularity of the storage policies which in turn can improve performance.

### Where is my data stored and how can I see that? {#where-is-my-data}

OpenEBS stores data in a configurable number of replicas. These are placed to maximize resiliency. For example, they are placed in different racks or availability zones.

To determine exactly where your data is physically stored, you can run the following kubectl commands.

- Run `kubectl get pvc` to fetch the volume name. The volume name looks like: *pvc-ee171da3-07d5-11e8-a5be-42010a8001be*.

> - For each volume, you will notice one I/O controller pod and one or more replicas (as per the storage class configuration). You can use the volume ID (ee171da3-07d5-11e8-a5be-42010a8001be) to view information about the volume and replicas using the [kubectl plugin](../user-guides/replicated-storage-user-guide/replicated-pv-mayastor/advanced-operations/kubectl-plugin.md)

Reviewer: This seems to be specific for mayastor

Author: These are there from the past Tiago! Should we need to update this or leave it as it is? @tiagolobocastro

Reviewer: I guess for now maybe change the title to make it clear it's for mayastor only
In the future we should perhaps move this somewhere else and make it more comprehensive for all engines

### Should I install the mayastor/mayastor Helm chart alongside the openebs/openebs Helm release?

The `mayastor/mayastor` Helm chart, along with other stable OpenEBS storage plugins, is included as a dependency within the `openebs/openebs` Helm chart. The `openebs/openebs` chart can be configured to deploy the Replicated PV Mayastor storage engine. It is not recommended to deploy the Helm chart dependencies independently alongside the umbrella chart (openebs/openebs). This may lead to configuration conflicts and operational issues.

### What can cause a snapshot operation to fail sometimes after a node reboot?

If a pod-based workload is scheduled on a node that reboots and the pod does not have a controller (such as a Deployment or StatefulSet), the volume unpublish operation is not triggered. This causes the control plane to incorrectly assume that the volume is still published, even though it is not mounted. As a result, the FIFREEZE operation fails during the snapshot process, preventing the snapshot from being taken.

To resolve this issue, reinstate or recreate the pod to ensure that the volume is properly mounted and recognized by the control plane.

> ### How do I reuse an existing PV - after re-creating Kubernetes StatefulSet and its PVC {#reuse-pv-after-recreating-sts}

Reviewer: I don't think this is a FAQ, this makes more sense as a kb type thing, if needed at all

Author: The rationale for moving them to the FAQ document was primarily to improve content organization and maintainability.

Previously, the Knowledge Base article contained four independent Q&A-style topics grouped together under a single page. After removing the two obsolete entries ("How to create a BlockDeviceClaim for a particular BlockDevice?" and "How to provision Local PV on K3OS?"), the remaining two topics were essentially standalone question-and-answer items.

Reviewer: Yeah but this is not an FAQ (not even related to OpenEBS per se), and the FAQ is already large, let's not move it here please

   mongo-persistent-storage-mongo-0   Lost      pvc-cc6767b4-52e8-11e9-b1ef-42010a800fe7   0                        mongo-pv-az    4s
   ```

7. Get the newly created PVC UID using `kubectl get pvc mongo-persistent-storage-mongo-0 -o yaml`.

8. Update the uid under the claimRef in the PV using the following command. The PVC will get attached to the PV after editing the PV with correct uid.

   ```
   kubectl edit pv pvc-cc6767b4-52e8-11e9-b1ef-42010a800fe7
   ```
9. Get the updated PVC status using the following command.

   ```
   kubectl get pvc
   ```

   Example Output:

   ```shell hideCopy
   NAME                               STATUS    VOLUME                                     CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   STORAGECLASS   AGE
   mongo-persistent-storage-mongo-0   Bound     pvc-cc6767b4-52e8-11e9-b1ef-42010a800fe7   5G         RWO            mongo-pv-az    5m
   ```

10. Apply the same StatefulSet application YAML. The pod will come back online by re-using the existing PVC. The application pod status can be get by following command.

  ```
  kubectl get pods -n <namespace>
  ```

> ### How to prevent container logs from exhausting disk space? {#enable-log-rotation-on-cluster-nodes}

Reviewer: Same thing here

Container logs, if left unchecked, can eat into the underlying disk space causing `disk-pressure` conditions leading to eviction of pods running on a given node. This can be prevented by performing log-rotation based on file-size while specifying retention count. One recommended way to do this is by configuring the docker logging driver on the individual cluster nodes. Follow the steps below to enable log-rotation.

1. Configure the docker configuration file /etc/docker/daemon.json (create one if not already found) with the log-options similar to ones shown below (with desired driver, size at which logs are rotated, maximum logfile retention count and compression respectively):

   ```
   {
     "log-driver": "json-file",
     "log-opts": {
        "max-size": "400k",
        "max-file": "3",
        "compress": "true"
     }
   }
   ```

> 2. Restart the docker daemon on the nodes. This may cause a temporary disruption of the running containers and cause the node to show up as `Not Ready` until the daemon has restarted successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Restart the docker daemon on the nodes. This may cause a temporary disruption of the running containers and cause the node to show up as `NotReady` until the daemon has restarted successfully.
```
